Add touble shooting (#120)
bchatard/alfred-jetbrains: doc/trouble_shooting.md

> # Trouble Shooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Troubleshooting
```

[NVM](#nvm)

---
## NVM

> - If you get this message: 'Couldn't find the `node` binaray',  
>  You should create symbolic link file in `/usr/local/bin`.
>     
>     Actually I manage node using `nvm`, so I just did:  
>     ```shell  
>       sudo ln -s `which node` /usr/local/bin/node  
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get this message: "Couldn't find the `node` binary".
It's maybe du to non existing node version available globally.
You should create symbolic link file in your PATH (eg: `/usr/local/bin`).
```shell  
$ sudo ln -s $(which node) /usr/local/bin/node
\```
```
